Copyright (c) 2017-2025 The Khronos Group Inc.

This Specification is protected by copyright laws and contains material
proprietary to Khronos.
Except as described by these terms, it or any components may not be
reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, displayed, broadcast or
otherwise exploited in any manner without the express prior written
permission of Khronos.

Khronos grants a conditional copyright license to use and reproduce the
unmodified Specification for any purpose, without fee or royalty, EXCEPT no
licenses to any patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights are
granted under these terms.

Khronos makes no, and expressly disclaims any, representations or
warranties, express or implied, regarding this Specification, including,
without limitation: merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement of any intellectual property, correctness, accuracy,
completeness, timeliness, and reliability.
Under no circumstances will Khronos, or any of its Promoters, Contributors
or Members, or their respective partners, officers, directors, employees,
agents or representatives be liable for any damages, whether direct,
indirect, special or consequential damages for lost revenues, lost profits,
or otherwise, arising from or in connection with these materials.

The Khronos Intellectual Property Rights Policy defines the terms 'Scope',
'Compliant Portion', and 'Necessary Patent Claims'.

Some parts of this Specification are purely informative and so are EXCLUDED
from the Scope of this Specification.
The <<introduction-document-conventions,Document Conventions>> section of
the <<introduction>> defines how these parts of the Specification are
identified.

Where this Specification uses technical terminology, defined in the
<<glossary, Glossary>> or otherwise, that refer to enabling technologies
that are not expressly set forth in this Specification, those enabling
technologies are EXCLUDED from the Scope of this Specification.
For clarity, enabling technologies not disclosed with particularity in this
Specification (e.g. semiconductor manufacturing technology, hardware
architecture, processor architecture or microarchitecture, memory
architecture, compiler technology, object oriented technology, basic
operating system technology, compression technology, algorithms, and so on)
are NOT to be considered expressly set forth; only those application program
interfaces and data structures disclosed with particularity are included in
the Scope of this Specification.

For purposes of the Khronos Intellectual Property Rights Policy as it
relates to the definition of Necessary Patent Claims, all recommended or
optional features, behaviors and functionality set forth in this
Specification, if implemented, are considered to be included as Compliant
Portions.

